welcome to Aussie rush in this video I'm
going to show you guys how to make this
Susu Atari will soot sprites from my
neighbor totoro and spirited away here
are the materials that you're going to
need
start with a rumble black clay and press
it down to flatten on one side
use a needle to a toothpick to me the
textures
use the end of a brush to indent the eye
sockets I should have cleaned the brush
first
now just fill the eye sockets with white
clay
use a small turn into two in ten the
areas and fill them me with tiny both
black clay
now use two pieces of wire a 30 gauge I
got it and Michael's bend the wire
around Midway this will be a little ops
you
at this time insert in IPA if you want
to hand it from necklace or for kitchen
I usually like to ask more piece of play
to secure the eye paper coming off
now for the common pet Oh was sugar
candy just pinch that Rambo of clay
position the candies anywhere you want
use a needle tool to close any gaps
you
Biggi when you are done great if you
like I already glaze my and now I'm
going to paint the tiny arms in black
acrylic paint
there you go all finished
I made into a necklace and if you feel
more creative make these little Zuzu
Attali
earrings which already simple to make
thank you for watching and have fun make
sure to check these two previous videos
on suet re earrings and turnip head
until next time bye